readme.md, before:

# auto-miktex

This is a docker image that contains a initial setup of miktex.

So for instance one can write job-applications that use latex to generate pdf files, and use this image to compile the tex files. So no need to install (extensive) miktex on the host machine.

The script `texcompile.sh` compiles a tex file. 

- It uses `xelatex` to compile the file. No other options are available at the moment. LuaLaTeX is unfortunately very slow.
- There is also a configurable `$RESOURCES_PATH` variable that can be set to a directory where latex resources are located.
- If you compile a file, missing packages will be installed automatically by default from miktex itself. 

You can for instance point `$PATH` to the script and use it more conveniently or call it by its full path.

Then specify `$RESOURCES_PATH` environment variable in `texcompile.sh` script,
pointing it to the directory where your latex resources are located. 

Resource files can be included in the tex file for instance:

```latex
\photo[90pt]{../resources/foto.png}
```
foto.png is located in the resources directory root in this case.
Descendant directories are also supported.

To compile a tex file, use the script like this:

```bash
texcompile.sh <tex file>
```
There is `--it` option to just get into the container and run mpm commands for instance.

```bash
texcompile.sh <tex file> --it
```

Steps to build the image:

```bash
docker build -t auto-miktex .
```
(auto-miktex is a known name, which is used in the texcompile.sh script)

Commit message:

feat: enhance texcompile script with resource directory and improve usage instructions
- Updated `texcompile.sh` to allow specifying a custom resource directory via `--resource-dir` flag.
- Added an interactive mode option (`--it`) for entering the Docker container interactively.
- Introduced usage information with `-h` or `--help` flags to guide users on script options.
- Default resource directory set to `$HOME/documents/resources`.
- Enhanced error handling for missing or incorrect arguments.
- Updated `readme.md`

readme.md, after:

# auto-miktex

This Docker image includes a pre-setup MiKTeX environment, allowing users to compile LaTeX files into PDFs without needing a full MiKTeX installation on the host machine. This is particularly useful for tasks like generating PDFs from LaTeX sources (e.g., resumes, reports).

## Features

- **Compiler**: The image uses `xelatex` for compilation. Currently, no other compilers like `LuaLaTeX` are tested.
- **Resource Directory**: You can use the `--resource-dir` argument to bind an additional directory to the container, which is useful for including shared resources between LaTeX files.
- **Automatic Package Installation**: When compiling a file, if any LaTeX packages are missing, they will be installed automatically from the MiKTeX repositories.

## Including Resource Files

You can include external resources in your LaTeX files as shown below:

```latex
\photo[90pt]{../resources/foto.png}
```

Here, `foto.png` should be located in the specified resources directory.

## Usage

To compile a LaTeX file into a PDF:

```bash
texcompile.sh <tex-file>
```

To interactively enter the container and run MiKTeX Package Manager (`mpm`) commands:

```bash
texcompile.sh <tex-file> --it
```

For convenience, you can add `texcompile.sh` to your PATH.

## Building the Docker Image

To build the Docker image, run:

```bash
docker build -t auto-miktex .
```

`auto-miktex` is the designated image name used within the `texcompile.sh` script.
